# Weekly CTF 6
Today, we are going over the APIs that are hosted on seperate VMs via Postman, like crAPI and Juice Box.

# How to get API
- Get the JSON file that is the specification for that certain API. 
These JSONs are usually open-source since people need to know how to use that API.

- Import the JSON via Postman's import.

- Postman displays the structure of the API as directories of directory. 

- Postman is also like a web browser where you can send requests and get response in. When click on a POST or GET file, you can edit the request body in the form of JSON, XML, or raw text and then send it to test for a 
response in the terminal below. It also shows headers, parameters, so on. Very detailed.

- You can edit variables by clicking on the name of the root directory. Like change the baseURL.

- In Postman, you can also collaboratively test on the API at that same API so changes from other users can
be reflected.

- In the end, try to probe through the API for vulnerabilities. 

# Vulnerability in the example
- Excessive Data Exposure: Certain data that is not necessary for users can be seen and can be used for exploiting another part of the API. 

Example: If we go to the GET request for all posts, we can see the posts' headers in JSON, including a certain
vehicleID. Then we could go to /identity/v2/{vehicleId}/ and sending a GET request at this endpoint, we can see the location of that certain vehicle as well.

# What is OWASP?
It is a cybersecurity organization dedicated to web security. Also known for having a list of vulnerabilities that is the most prominent ones called OWASP Top Ten.

# A few of the Top 10
1. Broken Object Level Authentication (BOLA): the API lets you access something that you should not have permission.

2. Broken User Authentication: no authentication mechanism or badly implemented

3. Excessive Data Exposure: seen above.

4. Mass Assignment: the API doesn't check if you are allowed to put certain key-value pairs in the request body and still processes normally.

5. Resource Consumption: leads to vulnerable DoS and DDoS attack. Difficult to stop. 

6. Broken Function Level Authentication: unlike BOLA, you can invoke some functions that you should not be able to, which can lead to changes rather than just seeing something.
