# Weekly CTF 7
Today, we are doing challenges on the OWASP Juice Shop API. 
Challenges that are not explicitly said to be `covered` are the ones I did on my own at that time.
Tools used: Burp Suite

# Challenges

## DOM XSS
Main vulnerability: DOM XSS

In the Search tab, your search is appended within the DOM. So we can manipulate the DOM this way by adding the piece of JS code and then reload the website.

## Bonus Payload
It is like DOM XSS but with a different payload, inserting an audio player into it.

## Zero Star
For this one, we can go to the "Customer Feedback" tab to start sending a zero-star feedback. But first, intercept the packet via Burp.

Looking at the packet and the request JSON body, we would see a key-value pair as:

    ...
    "rating":1
    ...

Just by changing the value to 0, we could send a zero-star rating and it works since the server doesn't do any input sanitation.

## Admin Login
Main vulnerability: SQL injection

In the Login page, use a regular SQL injection payload as:

    Username: ' OR 1==1 -- -
    Password: a

This will allow you to login as admin.

## View Basket (covered)
Main vulnerability: Broken Object Level Authentication (BOLA)

Looking around in the packet for "showing your basket" a bit, it uses a REST API seeing how the URL has `/rest` in it. I also see a `/basketID/1` which most likely means that the endpoint is for each customer's basket. Therefore, by changing the ID in the URL, I can look at someone else's basket.

# Admin Registration (covered)
Main vulnerability: Mass Assignment

Trying to send a packet at the "registration" page and then getting a response in Burp Suite, I see that there is a key called `role` with the value `customer`. This means default role is customer. 

But I could add this key-value pair to the end of the request JSON in the "registration" packet 

    ...
    "role": "admin"
    ...

Therefore, this would make my account have admin privileges.


