# Weekly CTF 14
Today, we are doing some more forensics in picoCTF.

## MSB
[MSB](https://play.picoctf.org/practice/challenge/359?page=1&search=ms)

So I go to some standard forensic commands, like `strings`, `binwalk`, `steghide`, `exiftool` (for metadata).

We see that after using `binwalk`, there is a .png file and a `.zlib` file which is probably what we want. Then use `binwalk -e` to extract the files. 

I am still kind of struggling with getting it decompressed. 

But it seems there is another way to do this using this StegOnline at `https://georgeom.net/StegOnline/extract`

Therefore, we can go through the different bit planes for RGB and see that there is a clear distortion from 6 to 7. Now we can extract the data at those bit planes and download the file. 

Then finally open the file in any text editor and search for `picoCTF` to get the flag.

## Mob Psycho
[Mob Psycho](https://play.picoctf.org/practice/challenge/420?page=1&search=psyc)

I immediately try to do a `binwalk` on the downloaded file and it gives me a lot of archived files, seemingly. After that, I tried `strings` to find the flag and it returns no result.

Apparently, you can `unzip an apk`. After going into one of those folders like `res`, we need to find a flag file. There is the command `tree` which is kind of like `ls`, but it shows the files in a tree-structure. We can also pipe it into `less` to check for any interesting-looking file; `more` is an older version really.

We see that there is a file called `flag.txt` in one of the folders. 

After finding the file, we see that there is a seemingly-encoded string. So go to `CyberChef` and decode it to get the flag; it seems to be in `hex format`.