# Weekly CTF 9
Today, we will continue doing JuiceShop API

# Challenges
## Payback Time
This challenge requires us to somehow gain money from paying for an order

This can be done by setting the amount of a product to a negative number. First, go and send a product to the basket.

Then before clicking on adding more to product quantity, let's intercept the packet and do so. 

We see that we can change the product's quantity in the JSON body in the packet and we can set it to a negative number, like -10.

Then stop intercepting and continuing on to paying for the order. We see that we are paying a negative amount of money because:

    Total cost = Quantity * Cost

And we set quantity as negative. So we get money rather than paying and that's the challenge.

## Web3 Sandbox
This challenge requires us to find a hidden page. 

This will work similarly to the "Find Scoreboard" challenge. We can inspect the website and look at `main.js`. We can search for any String containing "Web3". Then test out the different paths that we found until we get to the right endpoint.

## Manipulate Basket
This challenge requires us to put a product into another user's basket. It ties back to when we try to look at another user's basket. 

First, we will try to add some product to the basket. Let's intercept when that happens using Burp Suite.

We see that there is a POST request, that has these fields like this:

    ...
    "productId": 24, 
    "basketId": "6",
    "productQuantity": 1
    ...

`Note: I will update this later.`s

## Captcha Bypass
For this one, we are supposed to give 10 feedbacks in 20 seconds.

Well, whenever we send a customer feedback, it will give us a different Captcha. Let's look at that in Burp!

When we intercept the packet, we see some fields like:

    ...
    "captchaId": "1",
    "captcha": "14",
    ...

This most likely means that it randomizes the captchaId whenever we want to send a customer feedback. Therefore, we want to keep this packet and these fields.

So we can send it to `Repeater` in Burp Suite!

Now we can just continuously change the value to the `comment` key by a single character and then send that packet for 10 times to solve the challenge.