## Homelab Preparation 1

I did say that I am going to start building a homelab and tinkering with some hardware and software. So to prepare for this, I am buying a switch for the first time and using an old laptop. 

### Switches 
Switch is a Data Link Layer device. It manages traffic between devices connected and also between them and the router for WAN capability. 

Wireless Access Point (WAP) is like a switch but for Wi-Fi. It can do similar functions as the switch such as LAN and WAN if working with a router so devices can talk to each others in the same area but also talk to other devices across the world, and WAP is usually added to the router.

Back to switches, there are some extra addons for switches such as:
- PoE: stands for Power over Ethernet. The Ethernet cable that connects from your devices to the switch carries power to that devices, not just data. It doesn't carry enough power to charge PCs or laptops, but enough for WAPs and other devices (**switches can work with WAPs**). Versions of PoE support different amount. Ex: PoE+ support 30W per port but certain switches have a max watts total across all ports.
- QoS: stands for Quality of Service. Can prioritize certain traffic packets to improve performance.
- VLAN capability: can create virtual networks as in turning ports into different groups and assigning devices to those different groups. Devices can still talk to each other in their own VLAN but to talk to other VLANs, it require a router to do it.
- Plug and Play: easy switch setup. Certain switches can start easily out of the box, and still have configuration options on the side when you need them.