# Weekly CTF 2
This week, we are using Burp Suite and Wireshark.
Still introductory CTFs though.

# introToBurp
[introToBurp](https://play.picoctf.org/practice/challenge/419?page=1&search=introtoburp)
This requires Burp Suite so start up Burp Suite. For now, we are using the built-in browser. When we opened the website, copy the URL and put it into the browser. 

When we get to it, now we are using Burp to intercept traffic, as a proxy. Therefore, we will be able to see what is sent in the packet after we input in random data. To solve this, we would actually skip to the dashboard so forward all your packets that are on the Registration.

When it asks for an OTP, insert an input and intercept it. Look at the packet. Now we are sending the packet to Repeater on Burp to manually modify it. The server checks if the OTP variable is correct. But if we remove it, it doesn't check and we get the flag.

This is a broken object level authentication vulnerability.

# Wireshark packet example
Just going over some networking stuff, like TCP/IP model and its layers.

# Wireshark doo doo...
[Wireshark](https://play.picoctf.org/practice/challenge/115?page=1&search=wireshark)
Here, we have to install a pcap file, which holds traffic in packets, and we are opening it in Wireshark. We see a lot of different protocols like HTTP, TCP.

To solve this, because these packets are segmented, we want to go to Analyze > Follow. Here, we are following a TCP stream, which constructs complete TCP packets from multiple being broken down. Go through the different streams, we will see in the response body, there is a string that seems like the flag with "{}". 

It is encrypted with ROT13. So we can go to a decoding tool and decrypt it.
