# Weekly CTF 4
We are doing SQLi attacks. There will also be vulnerable VMs to attack next week.

# SQLite
[SQLite]

This introduces the very basic SQLi attack against a login page. The DB is SQLite.

Therefore, we can use:

    Username: a
    Password: ' OR 1==1 -- -

With no input sanitation, this bypasses the check for username and password since 1==1 always return True and it is an OR statement. The following dashes are comments to comment out any dangling quotes. 

We got in and it hints that the flag is not in plain site. Go to Inspect mode and we will see a paragraph with the hidden attribute where the flag is.

# More SQLi
[More SQLi](https://play.picoctf.org/practice/challenge/358?page=1&search=sql)

First, we got to know which type of DB we are using. Here we are using SQLite. To get this, we could use some common functions that get the version of the DB like sqlite_version() for SQLite and test it out if it returns anything.

For this one, first we have login. If we just do a basic SQL attack template, we see that the error message is that the password comes first and then username. Switch the two below and we should get in.

    Username: a
    Password: ' OR 1==1 -- -

Secondly, try to do UNION SELECT first to see how many columns we got. By trying 

    ' UNION SELECT 1, 1, 1 -- -

And it doesn't return an error. Then we know this table has 3 columns. Next, from the database type, we could try to find the schema table, which holds the information about all tables in this certain database.

We know it is SQLite so we could do:

    ' UNION SELECT type, name, tbl_name FROM sqlite_master -- -

This would give us the names of the tables here.
Finally, we could just make an educated guess that there is a column called "flag" in one of these tables. When we got to the more_tbl table and do this command:

    ' UNION SELECT flag, 1, 1 from more_tbl -- -

We get the flag that starts with picoCTF{}.