# Weekly CTF 20
Today, we are doing web challenges on picoCTF.

## Fool the Lockout
[Fool the Lockout](https://play.picoctf.org/practice/challenge/743?page=1&search=fool%20the%20lockout)

For this one, we are given a website that implements IP-based rate limit so you could not brute force with a single IP. We are also given the code and a credential dump to brute force with in some ways.

Looking at the code, `MAX_REQUESTS` is 10 so we could spoof our IP address to bypass this, with Burp Suite.

Therefore, we could first create 2 files for 2 lists for username and password from the credentials dump with a simple script. Then we create a list of IP address as a file as well. After that, we can intercept the HTTP packet that submits the username and password on the website, send it to `Intruder`, and apply the correct list to the correct variable using `Pitchfork Attack`.

Note that we will use `X-Forwarded-For` header for where the IP address is at. Update: It may not work because apparently Flask's `request.remote_addr` checks your true IP address, not the proxy headers.

Looking at the code, the lockout time is only 30 seconds for EPOCH_DURATION so we could technically just do 10 requests at a time, wait 30 seconds, then repeat for the entire list.

During meeting times, they solved it without doing it this way because the correct credential is the third one so they got the flag before the rate-limited part.

This is the script to create 2 files from the credentials dump:
```python
import sys
all_creds = []
filename = sys.argv[1]
# Python auto create new files if not existed
with open(f"{filename}", "r") as file:
    # Iterates over each line in the file
    for line in file:
        curr_line = line.strip()
        curr_list = line.split(';')
        all_creds.append(curr_list)
with open("./username.txt", "a") as file:
    for creds in all_creds:
        file.write(f"{creds[0]}\n")
with open("./password.txt", "a") as file:
    for creds in all_creds:
        file.write(f"{creds[1]}\n")
```

This is the script to generate a lot of IP addresses:
```python
with open("./all_ips.txt", "a") as file:
        for i in range(1, 101):
                file.write(f"203.0.113.{i}\n")
```